This project involves two tables - Product and Manufacturer. The Product table contains information about various products such as their code, name, price, and manufacturer code, whereas the Manufacturer table contains information about the manufacturers of the products such as their code and name.

This project aims to answer several questions related to the Product table using SQL queries.

Questions

1. Select the names of all the products in the store
2. Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store
3. Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.
4. Select all the products with a price between $60 and $120.
5. Select the name and price in cents (i.e. the price must be multiplied by 
100).
6. Compute the average price of all the products.
7. Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code 
equal to 2.
8. Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to 
$180.
9. Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or 
equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by 
name (in ascending order).
10.Select all the data from the products, including all the data for each product's manufacturer.
11.Select the product name, price, and manufacturer name of all the products.
12.Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.
13.Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
14.Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price larger than or equal to $150.
15.Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
16.Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
17. Add a new product: Loudspeakers, $70, manufacturer 2.
18.Update the name of product 8 to "Laser Printer".
19.Apply a 10% discount to all products.
20.Apply a 10% discount to all products with a price larger than or equal to $120

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate how SQL queries can be used to extract
useful information from a database. 

The readme file provides an overview of the project and the questions that are being answered,
along with a description of the tables and the data contained within them.
